test: Add fbc e2e-test happy path to pipelines suite (#808)
redhat-appstudio/e2e-tests: tests/release/pipelines/README.md

# Release Pipelines Tests

This suite contains e2e-tests for testing release pipelines from repository [release-service-catalog](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/release-service-catalog/tree/main), those tests run against RHTAP RH-Stage, the tests running on two dedicated tenant namespaces on RH Stage `dev-release-team-tenant` and `managed-release-team-tenant`.

> ## All tests should have the label `release-pipelines` to avoid it be running within the CI e2e-test 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## All tests should have the label `release-pipelines` to avoid running them against the dev environment by OpenShift CI
```

## prerequisites: 
    

>    **required the below environment variables defined:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Export the following environment variables** 
```

    	- RHTAP_TOOLCHAIN_API_URL: Tool Chain API host to connect the RH Stage
		- RHTAP_KEYLOAK_URL:       SSO Url to authenticate the connection. 

> 		- RHTAP_OFFLINE_TOKEN :    This should contain the offline token to connect RHTAP RH Stage

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the "RHTAP" prefix, imo it doesn't need to be there, but I'm open to discussion

Author: I've changed it to be same on the above comment,
https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/e2e-tests/pull/808#discussion_r1347582620

> 		- RHTAP_OFFLINE_TOKEN :    This should contain the offline token to connect RHTAP RH Stage

Reviewer: I think apart from these, if people want to run these tests, they have to have access to dev/managed workspaces, right.

I would mention here that it is a prerequisite and that they have to ask the team to get a permission (I wouldn't be too specific about the exact team name here in the public repo).

Author: I've added this point as prerequisite

# Release Pipelines Tests

This suite contains e2e-tests for testing release pipelines from repository [release-service-catalog](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/release-service-catalog/tree/main), those tests run against RHTAP RH-Stage.

### All tests must have the label `release-pipelines` to avoid running them against the dev environment by OpenShift CI
## prerequisites: 
   - Export the following environment variables:
		```
    	- TOOLCHAIN_API_URL_ENV: Offline token used for getting Keycloak token in order to authenticate against stage/prod cluster
		- KEYLOAK_URL_ENV:       Keycloak URL used for authentication against stage/prod cluster
		- OFFLINE_TOKEN_ENV :    Toolchain API URL used for authentication against stage/prod cluster
		```

>    - Tests will run on two dedicated namespaces, a user not joined to those namespaces need to ask responsable team to be joined:

Author: your suggestion sounds better, fixed

		```
		- dev-release-team-tenant
		- managed-release-team-tenant
		```

## How to Run tests:

### 1. To run all e2e-tests in suite ensure your changes of the suite tests are saved.
- navigate to `e2e-tests` directoy 
 ```bash
 make build 
 ./bin/e2e-appstudio --ginkgo.junit-report=report.xml  --ginkgo.focus="pipelines"
 ```

### 2. To run specific test we should define the test with specific label.
[Ginkgo](https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/#why-ginkgo) uses labels filtering, adding a label for a test will enable to run specific tests with this label. 

For example: 

> If I added label `label-test` to a test in suite `pipelines` then we can run it by below 

Author: fixed
